Add production profile for logging (#7776)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/logging/05-02-production-profile.md

---
title: Logging production profile
type: Configuration
---
## Overview

> To use production-ready Logging, you can install Kyma with the Logging production profile. Higher memory limits set for Loki and FluentBit logging solutions ensure stable log processing in a production environment.

Reviewer: We should get more specific in the introduction, something like that:

It is a production-ready profile under restriction of using the out-of-the box solution.
Loki will not be high-available as it cannot scale out with the default persistence. In order to scale it out it requires an external storage for chunk and index store like GCS and Bigtable. 
Loki in the production profile has a retention period of 1 day and is meant to be used as a convenient way of accessing logs via the Kyma Console.

Author: 👍  I will add this.

Author: Done.

---
title: Logging production profile
type: Configuration
---

> ## Overview

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

Author: 👍

To use Logging in a mid-size production environment, you can install Kyma with the Logging production profile. Higher memory limits set for Loki and Fluent Bit logging solutions ensure stable log processing for 40 active Pods without causing any memory issues. If you want to work with a larger number of active Pods or experience a prolonged query time, [configure the Logging chart](/components/logging/#configuration-logging-chart) to increase the memory and CPU values.

>**NOTE:** This profile does not allow for horizontal scaling for which you need additional, dedicated storage systems.

## Parameters

The table shows the parameters used in the production profile and their values:

 Parameter  | Description |  Value   | 
|-----------|-------------|----------|
| **loki.resources.limits.memory** | Maximum amount of memory available for Loki to use. | `512Mi` | 

> | **fluent-bit.resources.limits.memory** | Maximum amount of memory available for FluentBit to use. |`256Mi`| 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **fluent-bit.resources.limits.memory** | Maximum amount of memory available for Fluent Bit to use. |`256Mi`| 
```

Author: Done :)

> ## Use production profile 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Use the production profile 
```

Author: Done :)

You can deploy a Kyma cluster with Logging configured to use the production profile, or add the configuration in the runtime. Follow these steps:

<div tabs>
  <details>
  <summary>
  Install Kyma with production-ready Logging
 </summary>

1. Create a Kubernetes cluster for Kyma installation.

> 2. Apply an override that forces Logging to use the production profile:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Apply an override that enforces the production profile for Logging:
```

Author: Done.

  ```bash
  cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
  ---
  apiVersion: v1
  kind: ConfigMap
  metadata:
    name: monitoring-overrides
    namespace: kyma-installer
    labels:
      installer: overrides
      component: logging
      kyma-project.io/installation: ""
  data:
    loki.resources.limits.memory: "512Mi"
    fluent-bit.resources.limits.memory: "256Mi"
  EOF
  ```
  </details>
  <details>
  <summary>
  Enable configuration in a running cluster
  </summary>

> 1. Apply an override that forces Logging to use the production profile:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Apply an override that enforces the production profile for Logging:
```

Author: Done.
